# InvoiceDto

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**amount** | **float** | Amount to be payed according to the invoice. | [optional] 
**counterpart_contact_id** | **int** | ID of the counterpart contact of the invoice. | [optional] 
**counterpart_contact_name** | **str** | Name of the counterpart contact of the invoice. | [optional] 
**created** | **datetime** | Creation time of the invoice. | [optional] 
**id** | **int** | ID of the invoice. | [optional] 
**issued_date** | **str** | Issued date of the invoice. | [optional] 
**items** | [**list[InvoiceItemDto]**](InvoiceItemDto.md) |  | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Name of the invoice. | [optional] 
**order_counterpart_bic** | **str** | BIC number of the counterpart&#x27;s bank account. | [optional] 
**order_counterpart_iban** | **str** | IBAN of the counterpart&#x27;s bank account. | [optional] 
**order_day_offset** | **int** | The number of days before or after the booking date where the bank order shall appear for execution. | [optional] 
**order_property_bank_account_id** | **int** | Unique identifier of the bank account of the property. | [optional] 
**order_property_bic** | **str** | BIC number of the property bank account. | [optional] 
**order_property_iban** | **str** | IBAN of the property bank account. | [optional] 
**order_required** | **bool** | True in case there is a corresponding order of the invoice. | [optional] 
**order_statement** | **str** | Statement of the generated order. | [optional] 
**property_hr_id** | **str** | Human readable id of the property the invoice belongs to. | [optional] 
**property_id** | **int** | ID of the property the invoice belongs to. | [optional] 
**property_name** | **str** | Name of the property the invoice belongs to. | [optional] 
**state** | **str** | State of the invoice. Possible values:  1. DRAFT - invoice created, but incomplete.  2. READY - invoice ready to be booked.  3. BOOKED - invoice booked.  4. SCHEDULED - only applies to recurring invoices.  5. REVERSED - all bookings generated by the invoice have been reversed. | [optional] 
**updated** | **datetime** | Last update time of the invoice. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

